[Music]
working on a program called
talk to them that was on top in the
end communicator because she had the
job they put her there to do what she
could poor Rocio Carrasco because she's
been through everything as a model and she
only triumphed when she
dug up her mother, her father, her
family, she publicly humiliated her
children
publicly that good mother has
publicly humiliated she let
her daughters be dragged along,
her daughter and her son
[Music] it's
been nothing more than this Well and this and
what happened last year I don't know what Which is worse
And so with what she's triumphed over of all
the things that trying life eh
well her greatest triumph the only triumph she
has the only title she has
demands is being the daughter of Rocio Jurado you just
saw that I do
n't know if you're going I don't know if because on
Twitter there were some tweets from this
Cristina Cardenas who says that she's
now one of the witnesses that well
insulting Rocio Flores but calling
Rocio Carrasco's son fat
calling the boy [ __ ]  delayed I do
n't know what and now Rocío Carrasco is
there giving her a hug and a kiss It's
good she can't love her
children less she can't breathe no no I
don't really know this lady miss
no I don't know what she's done because I don't
follow
social media much yes I am on social media but
when these characters appear I
control myself a lot but well it doesn't surprise me
with this lady
it's normal if she has already allowed
her daughter to be dragged Rocío Flores
a hug with these people
[Music]